here we have an Ibanez guitar it is a a
our 250 a our two five zero and those
amongst you that like their guitars
identified various shapes and sizes this
is very similar to the classic Jaguar SG
2000 3000 and 1000 I think included in
that range it's got the same kind of
body shape and very similar ideas about
constructions that's right go from the
top they've got the gold seals mini
tuners that have pearloid kidney knobs
the net and headstock are maple
it's a three-piece maple construction
you can't see the construction because
of the black finish but it is a
three-piece maple construction on the
neck that is set into into the body so
it's glued in and contoured in I'll show
you the back of this this is a contour
extremely similar to the feels really
comfortable
the higher frets the fretboard is
rosewood the the fret markers are quite
interesting they are oblongs of pearloid
across which is a diagonal inlay of
rainbow abalone rainbow colored abalone
that has the color of that kind of
glistening effect the 12th fret has a
double band of the abalone so you can
identify but of course as generally as
normal d the fret markers on are
mirrored on both side on the black
binding black binding actually matches
the finish quite well so it gives the
impression of the most a fretted make
that doesn't have a glued on fretboard
the the body is made from mahogany a
large quite heavy slab of mahogany but
it has a maple top and the maple top is
carved away from the center line in the
body you can see that that carving away
in the use of this tune-o-matic bridge
causes the neck to require a backward
rate so it's very much a Les Paul feel
dimensions and the rake of the neck
modern nice warm kind of features so
you're familiar with a nice point ok the
pickups are even as humbuckers they are
a CH humbuckers they're in gold covers
in in blacks are arms
they each have a volume and a tone which
is topped with a black speed knob and
now the Gibson desk feature there the
bridge is two pneumatic gain a standard
bridge that came originally out of the
gibson factory's individual saddles for
intonation action adjustable screw at
each end of bridge and a stop tail this
stock town is slightly different from
normal normally there's a hole through
which the strings go this stock tail has
a diagonal slot so you can drop the
string in tight-knit and ball lane gets
pulled in and hold things held securely
that makes it a lot quicker to restring
especially if you just broken one string
on stage and you're trying to get back
in sitting into the set
3-way pickup selector on the top on just
blowing top horn now I said it was made
of mahogany quite thick line from
mahogany and it is quite heavy but
because the columns are quite rounded
that allows enough wood for the strap
button to be fixed into the form whereas
normally on this style guitar horn would
be slightly sharper and the strap button
would be fixed at the back which causes
the guitar tip forward slightly and you
notice the weight a little bit more than
you do
this is nicely balanced guitar on the
strap let's have a little listen to what
I'll play with the bridge
try the same thing on on the neck come
back
being in brush highs classic rock sound
from the bridge you're getting a more
mellow
bluesy sort of still bright though still
bright sound from the informed by the
maple top but it's a it's a less
practical bluesy sound I find also that
these two Pickers work really nicely in
combination
so there it is the evidence AR 250 I
happen to like this targets are a lot
the yama or SG range took my fancy when
I was quite young seeing people like
Carlos Santana playing them before he
was taken into the VRS cab and also
quite strange players like Maduro for
instance and I do actually have an SG
young Horace G and this is a comparable
field so that guitar so if you if you're
in the market for this shape and style
to have a look at the Ibanez it stacks
up well against the the guitar that it's
being inspired by the looks are rather
special the black with the little
pinstripe detailing this is a classic
guitar very very beautiful
you